welcome to part 52 let's play shadow the
hedgehog I'm team sonic and here we are
the last story let's get going okay
that's I'm really lame in pretty you
know script it out but I'm honestly
probably going to be pretty quiet I mean
I talked a little bit during this but
this is mostly cutting through this part
so here we go I'll read the dialogue if
you can't see it or something here we go
guys this is the true ending there's one
level and a balls so a bird fire in the
skies to your return of the black come
that's you tonight really red not to cut
the red comet seriously all right here
we go with the dialogue and everything
so I'll be quiet finally I've got all
the chaos ahead brain up he said better
now I can uncover the truth about my
past all of it well done Michele our
ritual can now commence as well with the
chaos
look who it is shadow sonic lucky to
tell they do not again rules to black do
a shadow they're planning to destroy the
planet but ignorant things we are here
to save the humans from their own demise
Rihanna salvation but their greed
personal power and affinity for this
really has them on a matter of self
destruction their accent will lead to
extinction of the species we're here to
save them on the second without a
perfect order allowed them to you too
they're desperately hives and peace
humans are occurring energy sources he
tried they're gonna use the human
despues that's a street in our rich
Wow this can't be happening what a
douche using these humans as an energy
source should have plan with the heck's
going on here the plan is we further
comes from warp down to the planet oh
it's attaching to the earth that's not
good that really is not good there it's
trying to suck the point the energy out
of the planet I don't know it's kind of
weird this is strange wow what just
happened those black creatures just warp
to calm it down to the surface uses
chaos control no that's impossible
that's why you needed the Chaos Emeralds
precisely while the Commerce velocity is
a powerful enough to pass another
planet's atmosphere but our worlds three
characters that whether gender get lost
control we need them to chocolate simple
power it's the loudest here's the Shadow
Man did professor to help me what that's
insane his grandfather nope blot doom
that's definitely a plot twist the one
from 502 who designed shadow my
professorship was it was irrelevant
enlightenment life rules but he needed
my help me get my hair so he made italy
help help them any better look at me the
17 promised to deliver me the seven
Chaos Emeralds wet that's how they were
created shatter their shadow would help
us sorry for boiler know there's a
little black thing I had noticed
something fall so but blocked him me I
can't believe it that can't be he
betrayed his own people for research for
black jewel big deal we can't just stand
here doing nothing yeah let's do this
I'll crush that cosmic rockfall knuckles
what's wrong look now huh girl orgasm a
special equipment this bag of security
finally released
quickly absorbed into your bloodstream
but you get a moment total paralysis
what future nervous frozen the end is
near now they're all frozen oh wow my
dears eat turn devour the savory dishes
moving to move their eyes that he did I
get you night shadow that's creative
he's not verrah lized anymore any
stepped on twitch thing
I am shadow the hedgehog I've left the
past behind me no one can tell me what
to do now I will destroy you black doom
I give you the life and this is how you
repay me the irony of it all is i gave
your life he helped create yeah all
right let's do this folks so you're our
only hope now i'll see you next time
guys for the last way see you then